wifi: Add twt traffic gen support (#12235)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/twt/README.rst

The sample can perform Wi-Fi operations such as connect and disconnect in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands depending on the capabilities of an access point.

Using this sample, the development kit can connect to the specified access point in :abbr:`STA (Station)` mode and setup TWT flow with the access point.
By default once the TWT flow is setup, the sample will use the traffic generator module to send and receive TCP data packets to and from the traffic generator

> server running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically via Ethernet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically through Ethernet).
```
Please also combine this part with the link above (so the same sentence is all on the same line).

Traffic generator server
************************

> When traffic generator module is used with this sample, the traffic generator server must be running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically via Ethernet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When the traffic generator module is used with this sample, the traffic generator server must be running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically through Ethernet).
```

> The server source is available in the :file:`scripts/traffic_gen_server` file. This is a `python3` based server, so, you need to have `python3` installed on your PC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server source is available in the :file:`scripts/traffic_gen_server` file.
This is a `python3` based server, so, you need to have `python3` installed on your PC.
```

The sample can perform Wi-Fi operations such as connect and disconnect in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands depending on the capabilities of an access point.

Using this sample, the development kit can connect to the specified access point in :abbr:`STA (Station)` mode and setup TWT flow with the access point.
By default once the TWT flow is setup, the sample will use the traffic generator module to send and receive TCP data packets to and from the traffic generator server running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically through Ethernet).

Traffic generator server
************************

> When the traffic generator module is used with this sample, the traffic generator server must be running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically through Ethernet).

Reviewer 2: Seems to be repetitive from line 25, so can remove it.
```suggestion
When the traffic generator module is used with this sample, the traffic generator server must be running on a PC connected to the same access point.
```

The server source is available in the :file:`scripts/traffic_gen_server` file.

> This is a `python3` based server, so, you must make sure that `python3` is installed on your PC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a `python3` based server, so you must make sure that `python3` is installed on your PC.
```

The sample can perform Wi-Fi operations such as connect and disconnect in the 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz bands depending on the capabilities of an access point.

Using this sample, the development kit can connect to the specified access point in :abbr:`STA (Station)` mode and setup TWT flow with the access point.
By default once the TWT flow is setup, the sample will use the traffic generator module to send and receive TCP data packets to and from the traffic generator

> server running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically through Ethernet).

Reviewer: Please move this to previous line (so the entire sentence is on one line).

Traffic generator server
************************

When the traffic generator module is used with this sample, the traffic generator server must be running on a PC connected to the same access point (typically through Ethernet).
The server source is available in the :file:`scripts/traffic_gen_server` file.

> This is a `python3` based server, so, you need to have `python3` installed on your PC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a `python3` based server, so you must make sure that `python3` is installed on your PC.
```

> The server can be started by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To start the server, run the following command:
```

.. code-block:: console

   python3 traffic_gen_server.py

> Please use the ``-h`` option to see the help message for how to use the server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the ``-h`` option to display the help message for how to use the server.
```
